-: Welcome back.
In this step we are going to create a
ALB Kubernetes basic Ingress manifest. Okay?
So let's go ahead and then create that now.
So we are in our (mouse clicking)
05-ALB Ingress basic YAML.
The rest all are going to be same
which is nothing but external name service,
we are going to have.
And user management deployment, we are going to have.
And Kubernetes secrets as is,
and user management node port service. Okay?
So now ALB Ingress will pick the node port service.
How we are going to see it?
Now.
Which means like, the backend,
which is nothing but the targets inside the
ALB ingress basic basic is going to be
this respect to node port service.
So we are going to reference that there, okay?
So let me close this (mouse clicking)
and then start writing first Ingress basic
so we'll understand in a better way.
So the Ingress is the (typing) kind here, okay?
So this is AP version kind metadata
and then spec, our standard Kubernetes stuff.
And then I'm going to say Ingress
(typing) and it is going to be
(typing)
extensions/v1beta1. Right?
So currently this is in beta,
but in future it might be modal way.
So whenever it is updated to
as usual when it is moved from beta to live.
So I'm going to update it accordingly.
But currently it is in V1, beta1,
this entire Ingress section related to
ALB, application load balancer. Okay?
So we have created API version kind and then in metadata.
So the title elements usually we'll have is
(typing) name and then,
(typing) labels, right?
And name, I'm going to say
(typing) ingress-usermgmtrestappservice.
Okay?
And in the labels as usual, this is our standard label
we are going to put for our user (typing)
user management microservice, which is nothing but
(typing) usermgmtrestapp.
Okay?
And one more we are going to have as part of this
which is nothing but the name, labels, and now, annotations.
Okay? So entire this Kubernetes Ingress manifest
most of the stuff we deal with annotations only.
So that's the reason
we'll have one more section called "annotations".
And under the spec,
we'll start defining our core load balancer functionality,
which is nothing but rules, right?
So means like for "/star" where it should go,
which target it need to associate.
Or for "/app1", which target it need to associate
all we'll define under "spec".
So first thing is let's come back to annotations
and then define the Ingress core annotations.
So what are Ingress core annotations?
Under annotations, we'll have two Ingress core annotations.
One is "Ingress class",
and the other is "Ingress scheme", right?
Scheme, you know that it is nothing but
internet facing our internal. Okay?
So that one we are going to add, and one more is
"Ingress class". Ingress class is ALB.
So let's go back here for the documentation
and then take these things from a sample.
So these two things we need it.
(typing) Okay?
So let me place them here.
So which is nothing but Ingress class is ALB,
and then Ingress scheme is internet facing load balancer,
we are going to create.
In addition to that, there will be a set of
health check settings,
and it's equal and annotations will be available here.
I gathered all together and then put it aside.
So we'll get those things in then paste it here.
So we'll add all our health check settings here.
Okay?
(typing)
So let me say health check protocol is http,
the traffic port, which is 8 0 9 5, we are going to use,
or whatever the traffic port might be,
based on the worker node, whatever it provides, right?
So worker node note port ip.
And so that's the reason we gave it as traffic port
as usual, standard setting.
And then health check path is going to be
"user mgmt health status".
And these are some standard interval
and then timeout settings.
And then success code we have given us 200.
So all these annotations we have picked it from here,
related to health check, whatever the annotations are there.
All those things we have picked it here,
and then grouped them together and then put it here.
So finally one thing we need to write now is the spec. Okay?
So under spec, the core thing here is the
rules which we need to define, okay?
So and under rules we'll have a
(typing) list which is http,
and under http,
we are going to have something called "paths".
Means like, "path of our applications". Okay?
So I'll say
(typing) my first path is going to be "/star".
So whenever we go for next level of things,
like adding additional applications.
So we are going to have more number of paths here,
like, /app1, and then /app2, and then /star, like that.
For now we are going to say path of default/star (typing).
And as usual, what is my backend here going to be, right?
So under backend we need to provide two things here.
So one is service name (typing). Right?
And service port (typing).
So which is again in our Kubernetes language only, right?
So which node port service name and then service port
I need to provide as backend first /star in my ALB. Right?
So I can go here and then I can go to
node port service and this is my node port service. Okay?
So this is the name of my service name for user management.
So I'll come here and then provide the service name here.
And the service port is 8 0 9 5,
which is going to get created.
So I'm going to give 8 0 9 5. Right?
So that's good.
So let me close this and
this is the complete Ingress manifest,
whatever we have created as part of
05-ALB Ingress basic. Right?
So in our next lecture,
we'll focus on deploying these things and then testing it.
So I'll see you in the next lecture.
Until then, bye bye.
Thank you.